Categories
==========

This metadata objects are arranged in a hierarchy of categories and are
numbered accordingly. The category is found on the global menu. This
screen will display the list of categories towards the left side of the
screen. A tree type structure will be listed with the categories contain
a list of nodes. The user will see a tree-type structure of the nodes,
from this list the user can move the nodes of the category within the
list. The icon on the top of the list which is green are used to assign
the nodes to be moderated and the one which is in gray are not. There
are various construct schemes that are available for the category are:
naming a scheme, assign to a metadata model, entering hierarchical,
numbering the categories accordingly by applying code and separator
properties. The user can also give rank to categories by applying the
numbering and applying to its parent relationship. Ranking, sorting, and
paging of all child nodes. The User can right click on the node and
edit, add a new node, replace the global selection with selected
documents, convert to the different type and add selected documents to
global selection. Provide UI for maintaining category hierarchies so
that organizations can Create, Read, Update, Delete the category
hierarchies for use of ordering.

Add-edit: Select the metadata model from left side of the screen List of
nodes will be shown Click on add + button Code: Insert the Title: Insert
the title of new node Separation Stabbing: Earliest: Date picker Latest
: Date Picker Peroid: Sort Number: Note: Scope and content: Moderated:
