Forms
=====

A list of forms will be displayed on this screen. They are used to
create over metadata models. Users need to click on forms within a
particular content management system where set of pre-configured forms
for each metadata model is displayed on list but in case if users want
to create their own form they may use form builder. User may search for
any particular form from search bar. The forms is laid out in table and
grid format. Each form is provided with different element which are
needed to design as per user requirement.

Form builder
------------

It makes easy for user to build form as fields can be dragged and drop
over the rows and columns. The other elements are forms, tabs, field,
field group, aggregation and metada models. To add any field, the user
needs to drag drop table on grid first and can stretch as per the need.

• Forms: Drag and drop the forms tab over the cell and stretch it from
the right corner to the desired row and column, which will define the
area of the forms.

• Tabs: Drag the tab over the form area only and place it at the desired
cell or area. Tab can be placed over field group and aggregations.

• Feilds group: A field group is a collection of fields that the system
treats as one item. A field group can appear on multiple forms. You
should define a field group when several fields participate in a single
function or are related in some way and are shown together on forms and
reports.

• Metadat models: They can only be placed either on the tabs or field
groups, no other element will accept metada model. The respective forms
are aligned with the desired metadata models.

`**How would I add/edit my
forms?** <https://bitbucket.org/rkdahiya/atlantis-help-manual/src/74a23d99bac130de4da263b0676a06a533e54a65/Content%20Management%20System/Forms/Forms-add-edit.md?at=master&fileviewer=file-view-default>`__
